README: Space Bomber
Scenario: Crystal aliens have invaded earth. They abducted your friend.
You get angry, so you go and kill the aliens. However, the swarm is 
endless, and you die.

Gameplay: Move using the arrow keys.
Left, right to look to your left and right;
Up, down to move forward or backward.
'.' to activate a top-down view of the board
Space bar to shoot a bullet.
'm' to plant a mine
'Enter' to reset the game
Aliens will spawn randomly (up to 5 on the board)

[4 points] Show at least one two-level hierarchical object (e.g., a human arm).
YES. The human is a complex hierarchical object. The joints for the body, arms, and legs, are organized
in a hierarchy. The arms pivot around the shoulder and elbow, and the legs pivot around the lower body
and knee.

[4 points] Demonstrate the camera tracking a moving object using LookAt.
YES. The first person POV is done using the lookAt function. Using the lookAt function, I was able to
keep the camera at the right angle, and a fixed distance behind the player character, even as he rotates
or moves forward/backward.

[6 points] Design polygonal objects of your own. You must provide positions, normals, and texture
coordinates directly, by extending the Shape class.
YES. I created a crystal shape for the alien character. 
I created a half-sphere for the character's helmet.
I created an angled cylinder for the use of the sky world and several parts of the human's body. 

[2 points] For one of your custom polygonal objects, show at least one flat-shaded seam (or discontinuous
edge) and light it with the Phong reflection model.
YES. Both the crystal and angled cylinder us flat shading and are lighted with the Phong reflection model.
The crystal shows the flat shading more obviously.
The angled cylinder is made of quite a few triangles, so it appears to look smoother than the crystal.

[2 points] Texture one of your custom polygonal objects procedurally or by mapping an image.
YES. Both the cystal and the angled cylinder have texture coordinates mapped appropriately.
The sky is mapped to the angled cylinder, and looks quite nice. 
The camo texture is mapped to the half-sphere as well.

[2 points] Real-time speed. Make sure that your animation runs at the same speed regardless of the machine
your program runs on; i.e., one simulated second corresponds roughly to one real second.
YES. All animations are based off the animation time delta, and move proportionally to this variable, so that 
my animations run at the same speed, even on different machines with different frame rates.

[2 points] Display the frame rate of your program on the graphics window.
YES. The frame rate can be seen at the bottom left corner of the screen. 

[2 points] Make and submit a movie of your animation (length 90 sec or less) using your favorite screen
recording application (e.g., camstudio/quicktime). If your program is interactive, submit a video of it being
used. You can add subtitles. Make sure you encode your movie to within 100MB and observe the 90s limit.
YES. I created a video of me playing the game. I did not add subtitles.

I put in a lot of effort and time in creating this game, and I believe that it is fun, creative, and complex.
The sound effects reall bring life the the game. I am pleased with the quality, though I wish I had more time 
to implement better collision detection and incorporate more physics. A few of the objects do use the 
"pseudo-velocity" as mentioned in discussion. I  tried to make a fluid walk, but it was more difficult than 
I anticipated. Overall, I found this project fun and challenging, and I am pleased with what I have created :)
[4 points] Creativity (story, aesthetic style, etc).
[4 points] Complexity. Are the underlying mechanics that make it work impressive?
[5 points] Overall quality: Fluidity of object and camera motion, attention to detail in scene construction
and texturing, etc. 